
Burnt Ends
Burnt Ends is a modern Australian barbeque that offers casual dining with countertop seating. Each seat allows guests to look directly into the open kitchen, where a custom built four tonne, dual cavity ovens and three elevation grills are installed to provide the best smoke-touched dishes Singapore has to offer. If you are looking for a unique barbeque experience, we would love to see you down here. The Menu is written daily to ensure that the best and tastiest is served.

Smoking, slow roasting, hot roasting, baking, grilling and cooking directly on coals are all techniques used to maximize Dave’s 4 tonne, dual cavity, apple and almond wood burning machines and custom built grills. Chef Dave Pynt believes in great ingredients, fresh produce and honest cooking to get the best out of his wood ovens and grills. With an innovative menu that is handwritten every day, Chef Dave Pynt ensures the best ingredients and cohesive dishes reach the table every time.

Singapore restaurants and cuisine

The specially selected wine list that Burnt Ends offer is a unique one. It focuses on small, family-owned and boutique wineries, regional styles and varietals along with a pick of back vintage wines. The Bar on the other hand, highlights artisan distillers and spirits with a selection of classic cocktails. With a collection of craft beers that completes the list, Burnt Ends definitely allows you to try some of the best Australia has to offer.

Please note that we only take reservations as follows: Lunch at 12pm or 1230pm – Wednesdays to Saturdays; Dinner at 6pm or 630pm – Tuesdays to Saturdays; For a later seating, you may opt to walk–in first come first served basis. The Chef’s table is available for reservation for 6 to 8 guests with a tailored menu prepared by the Chef with a minimum spend policy applicable.

20 Teck Lim Road, Singapore 088391
+65 6224 3933
www.burntends.com.sg

 

Shinji by Kanesaka
Shinji by Kanesaka is an extension of 1 Michelin star Chef Shinji Kanesaka’s Edo-style sushi restaurant first set up in Tokyo’s exclusive Ginza district. The deep-rooted philosophy underpinning this endeavour is simply a passionate desire to share an appreciation for age-old Japanese culinary traditions without compromising its integrity. ​Shinji by Kanesaka pays homage to the core of Japanese culture and art as defined by ‘kata’ and ‘do’. True to the spirit of its heritage, the restaurant is built on a carefully woven foundation of key elements which promises an authentic dining experience.

​An omakase menu (a menu selection entrusted entirely to the chef) is featured and skillfully executed by a native Japanese team of artisan chefs with Master Chef Koichiro Oshino at the helm. Further embodying the Japanese fine dining experience is the restaurant’s okami-san who makes sure that restaurant guests are cared for. ​Shinji by Kanesaka is Chef Kanesaka’s first venture outside Japan and it honours the same prodigious quality that made him an esteemed character in the culinary world.

Singapore restaurants and cuisine

Born in 1972, Chef Shinji Kanesaka is an unassuming man who has a deep respect for his art, having spent more than half his lifetime honing his craft. With 2 Michelin stars tucked firmly under his belt, this sushi shokunin (sushi artisan) is a master of his trade. ​In 2000, Chef Kanesaka set up Sushi Kanesaka in Tokyo’s prime Ginza district and has since garnered a steady stream of regulars, including those among elite circles.

​What sets him apart from his counterparts and marks him as a culinary prodigy is his shari or rice. 80% of sushi consists of rice and, for Chef Kanesaka, the battle is already more than half won. The pure, distilled quality of his food as well as a certain inexplicable charm in both man and restaurant is the key to his success. ​“I want to make sushi that I personally want to eat.” At Shinji by Kanesaka, Chef Kanesaka believes that dining on the best sushi is a holistic experience, one that is best delivered with art and soul.

Raffles Hotel, 2-20, 1 Beach Road (via Seah Street lobby), Singapore, 189673
+65 6338 6131
www.shinjibykanesaka.com

 

Tippling Club
Tippling Club is an ultra-progressive modern gastronomy restaurant and bar helmed by Chef-Owner Ryan Clift and the Spa Esprit Group – a local beauty, lifestyle and F&B group with some of the most unique brands across the globe within its portfolio. Spanning across three shophouse units at 38 Tanjong Pagar Road, Tippling Club encloses an innovative cocktail bar, an experiential dining room and—tucked away on its second floor—a private dining room, BIN 38. Tippling Club promises to bring affordable avant-garde cuisine to the neighbourhood in the form of a flexible, everyday dining and drinking destination. Chef Clift’s brand of modern gastronomy is fun, playful and fresh. It imbues the dining experience with a sense of excitement and a touch of theatre. Recognised for its innovative, ultra-progressive cuisine and cocktails, Tippling Club was ranked 12th best bar in Asia by Asia’s 50 Best Bars and 31st best restaurant by Asia’s 50 Best Restaurants in 2016, with top spots in the annual Miele Guide compilations of Asia’s Top 20 Restaurants from 2010 to 2012.

In 2013, Tippling Club and its team were honoured with five top awards by World Gourmet Series Awards of Excellence including Restaurant of the Year, Bar of the Year and Finalist Chef of the Year. At this current location, Tippling Club will continue to pair its award-winning cuisine with world-class cocktails, pushing the extremes of ingredients and textures to create an ever-evolving dining experience. Ryan Clift's culinary career began at the early age of 14 at a 1 Michelin Star restaurant near his hometown of Devizes, Wiltshire (UK). Immediately drawn to the high energy and atmosphere of the kitchen, Ryan worked his way up from washing dishes to becoming a young culinary protégé. After graduating from culinary school, he moved to London, where he landed a position in the restaurant at London's most prestigious Hotel, Claridge's.

Singapore restaurants and cuisine

Over the course of his 20-year career, Ryan has worked with some of the world's best chefs, including Marco-Pierre White, Peter Gordon, Emmanuel Renaut, Shannon Bennett, and Raymond Capaldi. In 1999, Ryan moved to Australia where he excelled as Head Chef of Vue de Monde, one of Australia's most acclaimed restaurants with numerous awards including three hats by The Age Good Food Guide. In early 2008, Ryan moved to Singapore to start his own venture, determined to take modern food and cocktail pairing to a new level.

It was here that Ryan and his team launched, Tippling Club. Within its first 2 years of operation, Tippling Club has been hailed as one of Singapore's top restaurants and in October 2010 was named in the annual Miele Awards Top 20 Restaurants in Asia. Ryan has also been recognized by world's greatest chefs of today, as the gastronomic superstar of tomorrow in the new cookbook by Phaidon titled Coco. Early in 2011 Ryan presented at the famous culinary event, Madrid Fusión along side the world's best chefs. This was a first for a Singapore Restaurant.

38 Tanjong Pagar Road, Singapore 088461
+65 6475 2217
www.tipplingclub.com

 

Osteria Mozza
Osteria Mozza in Singapore is one of the most celebrated restaurants in Asia, recognized on San Pellegrino’s list of the 50 Best Restaurants on the continent. Located in the Marina Bay Sands, a three-tower complex connected by a 340-metre boat-shaped SkyPark garden, Osteria Mozza is a burst of urban color and flavor. With a devout commitment to product, environment and hospitality, Nancy Silverton, Mario Batali and Joseph Bastianich meld their prodigious talents to bring Pizzeria Mozza and Osteria Mozza to the heart of Singapore.

Adorned with dark wood, white tablecloths and highly-attentive service, Mario Batali’s signature rock-inspired soundtrack assures a convivial atmosphere. Mario Batali and Joe Bastianich and Lidia Bastianich are the distinctive forces behind an eclectic group of critically acclaimed, unanimously adored restaurants. Batali & Bastianich Hospitality Group’s (B&BHG) flagship is Babbo Ristorante e Enoteca, an award-winning Greenwich Village restaurant where we have seamlessly combined traditional Italian principles with intelligent culinary adventure since 1998.

Singapore restaurants and cuisine

During the intervening decade, B&BHG opened nearly a dozen restaurants in the New York area including Lupa, Esca, Casa Mono, Tarry Lodge, and Del Posto, the only four star Italian restaurant in New York. In partnership with Los Angeles phenom Nancy Silverton, B&BHG brought its distinctive approach to food and drink to the West Coast in the form of Osteria Mozza and Pizzeria Mozza. Nancy’s beloved pizzas have spread southward-to Newport Beach and San Diego-and westward-to Singapore and Hong Kong-exciting palates around the globe.

B&BHG prides itself on its status as an industry leader in sustainability. Our restaurants optimize operations by incorporating green initiatives including: food waste composting, utilizing alternative fuel source and corporate-wide participation in Meatless Monday and a no bottled water policy. 2015 Forbes Travel Guide Four-Star Award.

2 Bayfront Avenue, B1 Galleria, Level 42-46, Singapore 018972
+65 6688 8868
www.singapore.osteriamozza.com/the-restaurant

 

Imperial Treasure Super Peking Duck
Well-known for roasting the peking duck to perfection, Imperial Treasure serves only the finest and most authentic iteration of this prized dish. With a solemn dedication to preserving the centuries-old methods of the Emperor’s imperial kitchen, each whole duck is roasted to crisp perfection by our chefs from Beijing and sliced on the platter before your eyes. Fillet of Soon Hock cooked to perfection presented upon layers of Tianjin cabbage. The freshness of the fish is lifted by a rich Chicken broth, slow-cooked for 6 hours to release the full aroma and flavours, which balances the sweetness of the white cabbage. Using the most traditional and authentic way of imperial era to prepare the peking duck, the Beijing chefs carefully roasts every duck to perfection.

Finely shredded shark’s fin and crab meat, delicately wok-fried with egg and crunchy beansprouts and served in lettuce leaf clam. To be pre-ordered at least 3 days in advance, the chef will carve the duck skill-fully in front of your table, into thinly crispy pieces with little meat and fats, lightly scented by the lychee wood used in the oven. From the way the duck is prepared, you know that these chefs mean their business.

Singapore restaurants and cuisine

For those familiar with Peking duck, there are 3 basic steps when it comes to eating it. Firstly, the crispest meatless slices are presented with a saucer of sugar, dipped and enjoyed on its own. After which, the other carved lacquered roasted ducked slices are to be wrapped in hand-made flour crepe, while you can brush some hoisin sauce across for additional sweetness. When you are savouring your delicious wrapped pieces, do remember that this dish used to be served to China’s emperors. The remaining meat can be cooked in a style of your preference, say fried into vegetables or made into a soup broth.

Our recommendation, and perhaps something unique to Singapore, is to order their Mee Pok. Stewed or fried, the Imperial Treasure Mee Pok Noodles with ‘leftover’ duck meat is a true reflection on how the best of Chinese and Singapore’s cuisine can come together to form a simple yet formidable dish. Be prepared to pay about a hundred bucks for the meal of a few courses, but it is still highly recommended.