Singaporean cuisine is diverse and contains elements derived from several ethnic groups, as a result of its history as a seaport with a large immigrant population.

 

Influences include the cuisines of the native Malays and the largest ethnic group, the Chinese, as well as Indonesian, Indian, Peranakan, and Western traditions (particularly English and Portuguese-influenced Eurasian, known as Kristang). Influences from other regions such as Sri Lanka, Thailand, and the Middle East are also present. In Singapore, food is viewed as crucial to national identity and a unifying cultural thread. Singaporean literature declares eating a national pastime and food a national obsession. Food is a frequent topic of conversation among Singaporeans. Religious dietary strictures do exist; Muslims do not eat pork and Hindus do not eat beef, and there is also a significant group of vegetarians.

People from different communities often eat together, while being mindful of each other's culture and choosing food that is acceptable for all. Other than Singaporean cuisine, it is also common in Singapore to find restaurants specialising in cuisine from a great variety of countries around the world. Singapore is geographically located in between the Pacific and Indian oceans but it also has shape of peninsula and island at same time, where various cultures and trades are flowing. Indonesia is located to the south, Thailand, China, Philippines, and Malaysia are located to the North and India is located to the West.

Since Singapore's position is between various Asian countries, there is a diversity in food and culture. (Sood) "When British imperialist Thomas Stamford Raffles sought to convert Singapore into a trading post for the East India Company in 1819, writes Wendy Hutton in Singapore Food, immigrants from China, Malaya, India, Indonesia, Europe, America and the Middle East flocked to the island" (Sood). The culture of Singapore is made up of diverse influences from different continents and countries. This led Singapore cuisine to be mixed-cultural society food. Also like other Asian countries, Singapore experienced a period of colonisation.

Singapore used to be colonised by Britain in early 19th century and like most of Asian countries did, they were colonised by Japan during World War 2. Colonisation of Japan also influenced Singaporean cuisine. For instance, yee sang, which is food that Singaporean people enjoy to eat during Chinese new year, includes raw fish. Raw fish is rare ingredient to put in dishes except for Japanese or Korean dishes. When a person is first meeting with a new person they ask "Have you eaten?"

It is one way to express a greeting to another person. It is also possible to assume that this is how Singaporeans think about the meal and food. Since Singapore is a mixed cultural nation there is a diverse range of people who might have different and restricted diets, such as Muslims and Hindus. In Singapore it is common to see Halal food and Muslims who are fasting in time of Ramadan. Since Singapore is influenced by so many different regions, religion, and areas, there are also many events or anniversaries. During Chinese Lunar new year people eat Nian Gao which is like a cake similar to Songpyeon in Korea's lunar year (Chinese New Year Cake).

"Singapore's cuisine is as diverse as its culture. It’s an extension of Malay cuisine but influenced by the Chinese — not to mention the Indians, Arabs, British, and other settlers who have contributed to making Singapore one of the world's most important trading ports" (Trinidad). Singaporean food can be divided into five types: meat, seafood, rice, noodles, and dessert or snacks. Singapore is especially renowned for its seafood. Chili crab and black pepper crab are two quintessential dishes that dominate the scene and are greatly recommended to tourists. Another favourite is sambal stingray. In the meat category, Hainanese chicken rice is the most popular dish. Essentially, it is rice cooked with chicken fat, served with boiled chicken, accompanied with chili sauce.

Three noodle dishes stand out in Singapore cuisine. “Fried Hokkien mee”, fried egg noodles with prawns, sliced pork and gravy, "Nonya laksa", rice noodles served in a coconut prawn broth and "Char Kuey Teow", stir-fried rice noodles with prawns, Chinese sausage, lard and cockles. In the snack category, kaya toast is the representative dish, primarily due to the use of kaya. "Kaya kopitiams" are a common sight on the island. These affordable coffee shops dish out bread toasts, spread with coconut jam and butter, served with coffee and tea.

 

André
We are delighted to announce that Restaurant ANDRE has been named #2 in the Asia’s 50 Best Restaurants award ceremony that took place on February 21, 2017 in Bangkok, Thailand. This marks a climb from the 3rd place in 2016, and our fifth consecutive year on the prestigious list as well as The Best Restaurant in Singapore once more since 2013. In addition to being recognized as #2 best restaurant in Asia, our sister restaurants; Burnt Ends and RAW Taipei are both soaring onto the hottest list and the better rank of Asia’s Best Restaurants Collections 2017. Burnt ends has reached at #10 and RAW Taipei is at #26 as well as the Best Restaurant in Taiwan for the very first time.

In Singapore, Burnt Ends has been on the list for three consecutive years since the opening in 2009. Their unique wood fire cooking and unexpected combinations continues to surprise diners from all over the world. For Taiwan, RAW Taipei’s “Bistronomy” style of cooking from France, offering refined yet affordable cuisine in a relaxed setting has made it on the list at #24, huge progress after its opening in 2014. RAW was named amongst “The Most Beautifully Designed Restaurants in the World” by HK Tatler, World 50 Best Discovery Restaurants by Diners club. RAW’s endless energy, striking design, and distinctive Taiwanese flavor has made RAW Taipei one of the most talked-about places in Asia.

Singapore restaurants and cuisine

Andre commented, “This is definitely a great start this year for Andre’s group and my brigade. Restaurant ANDRE opened the door in 2010, three months later, we were named as one of the 10 restaurants worth a plan ride by the New York Times and World’s 50 best restaurants. 7 years have passed but we never lose sight of our original intention, our passion, and our promise to our guests. We continue to live up to the expectation and push the boundaries. Most importantly, our goal never changes, we strive to give Singapore and Asia an iconic restaurant like no other.”

The Restaurant ANDRE brigade are honored and humbled to be recognized once again among the best chefs in the world and the chefs that Andre admires, Chef Andre also added, “Team effort may sound cliché but for me, Best restaurant means best brigade, and I truly believe I have the best brigade, therefore I have nothing more to ask for. Thank you all for the endless support, it means a lot to my team and me, because what we do is not just for the restaurant, or Singapore, but also for Asia and future generations. Congratulations to my peers, passionate chefs who made it to the list!”

41 Bukit Pasoh Road, Singapore 089855
+65 6534 8880
www.restaurantandre.com

 

Waku Ghin
Course by course, bite by bite, immerse yourself in an unparalleled experience with a 10-course dégustation menu as culinary magic materialises before your eyes. The name 'Waku Ghin' is derived from two Japanese words: 'Waku' meaning to 'arise' (like water pouring forth from a hot spring) and 'Ghin' meaning 'silver', Chef Tetsuya's signature colour found throughout the 8,000 square foot space, featuring an intimate bar, three private cocoon rooms and a main dining room. Each private room is helmed by a chef, bringing forward the season’s best produce to the Chef’s Table, which includes signatures such as the Marinated Botan Shrimp with Sea Urchin and Caviar and Wagyu with Wasabi and Citrus Soy. Then be escorted to the main dining room for desserts and coffee while soaking in sensational skyline views.

Chef Tetsuya is the first person appointed Sake Ambassador outside of Japan, making his selection the best in the world. He also recently won the prestigious Diners Club® Lifetime Achievement Award - Asia 2015. To experience premium sakes and the art and refinement of Japanese cocktail making in an elegant lounge setting, visit The Bar at Waku Ghin. The Samurai Mule is an artful reinvention on the classic Moscow Mule, fusing the delicate flavours of Japanese sake with invigorating ginger.

Singapore restaurants and cuisine

An exclusive selection of handcrafted pastries and petit cakes by Patisserie Platine, from award-winning restaurant Waku Ghin by Chef Tetsuya, are now available for takeaway or dine in at RISE lounge. Each component of the pastries is made in-house, using premium ingredients and fresh seasonal fruits from Japan and Europe. Pick from the signature Ghin Cheese Cake, featuring a refreshing lemon curd filling, finished with a light coat of sugar dusting and topped with a white chocolate feather or try the Lemon Tarte, a tangy pastry encased in a thin, crispy tart base and filled with a layer of olive oil sponge, smooth lemon curd, sweet meringue and lemon peel. Chef Tetsuya Wakuda grew up in the Japanese town of Hamamatsu. At the age of 22, with only a very limited grasp of English, his adventurous spirit led him to Australia.

In 1982, Chef Tetsuya arrived in Sydney, with nothing more than a small suitcase and a love of food. From his humble beginnings as a kitchen-hand, it did not take Chef Tetsuya long to discover he had a flair for cooking. In 1989, he opened his first restaurant, Tetsuya’s, in a tiny shop-front in Sydney. The popular restaurant flourished and Chef Tetsuya’s reputation grew. Always fully booked, Tetsuya’s relocated to a larger space in 2000 and has consistently been included on the S.Pellegrino’s World’s 50 Best Restaurants list, as voted for by the culinary world’s top food critics and chefs. Considered by many as Australia’s finest chef, he ventured into Singapore in 2010 and has won critical acclaim for Waku Ghin since then.

Level 2-01, Atrium 2, The Shoppes, Marina Bay Sands, 10 Bayfront Avenue, Singapore 018956
+65 6688 8507
www.marinabaysands.com/restaurants/celebrity-chefs/waku-ghin.html

 

Jaan
Derived from the ancient Sanskrit word for 'bowl', JAAN is an internationally recognised modern French restaurant in Singapore that has established itself as a gastronomic platform with a reputation for handpicking and grooming exceptional culinary talents. The intimate 40 seat restaurant has a sophisticated interior that features an elegant private dining room for exclusive events as well as a stunning Murano crystal and silver free-form chandelier that spans the entire length of the ceiling. The beauty of the chandelier is only outdone by two things: the breathtaking view of Singapore’s scenic landscape as well as the truly exquisite culinary and service experience that have become the hallmark of this multi-award winning restaurant. The Modern French menu is built around a passion to showcase the freshest ingredients through simple but beautiful dishes that reflect both culinary tradition and creativity.

The result is an imaginative, innovative cuisine that celebrates and respects seasonality, terroir, and the skills of the world's best gourmet producers. Kirk Westaway, Chef de Cuisine, born in a small seaside town in Devon on the Southwest coast of England, famous for its impeccable produce and incredible variety of products, Chef de Cuisine Kirk Westaway has developed an early and deep regard for how premium produce can be such an essential part in transforming a dining experience. With a passion for quality produce, his culinary style focuses on creating profiles and techniques that enhance the natural flavours of each unique ingredient. Using the harmonious interplay of quality ingredients, each ingredient is kept true to nature’s perfection within every dish. To upkeep JAAN’s philosophy, Chef Kirk continues to pay tribute to nature’s finest produce, seasonality, and the skills of the world’s best gourmet producers.

Singapore restaurants and cuisine

Kirk Westaway, Chef de Cuisine, born in a small seaside town in Devon on the Southwest coast of England, famous for its impeccable produce and incredible variety of products, Chef de Cuisine Kirk Westaway has developed an early and deep regard for how premium produce can be such an essential part in transforming a dining experience. With a passion for quality produce, his culinary style focuses on creating profiles and techniques that enhance the natural flavours of each unique ingredient. Using the harmonious interplay of quality ingredients, each ingredient is kept true to nature’s perfection within every dish. To upkeep JAAN’s philosophy, Chef Kirk continues to pay tribute to nature’s finest produce, seasonality, and the skills of the world’s best gourmet producers.

Jaan’s culinary brigade comprises a strong team of talented chefs. Driven by a common passion for culinary excellence, the belief in the need to understand each source of produce and ensuring freshness of ingredients resonates with the team. Supported by an environment that clearly exhibits trust between chefs and guests, each member of the team contributes to the source of inspirations from which exquisite creations are thoughtfully created and presented. Offering comfortable indulgence and enjoyment through outstanding service and an exceptional culinary experience, JAAN’s service team comprises dedicated members who believe that a combination of nature’s finest, service excellence and an unpretentious yet luxurious ambience culminates in an all-encompassing modern French fine dining experience. The team’s impeccable attention and care towards service closely mirrors Jaan’s dedication towards showcasing our finest hospitality for the finest culinary journey.

Level 70, Equinox Complex, Swissotel The Stamford, 2 Stamford Road, Singapore 178882
+65 6837 3322
www.jaan.com.sg

 

Les Amis
Les Amis, the French translation of ‘The Friends’, is the sophisticated first-born of the Les Amis Group. Les Amis was founded by 4 partners who wanted to bring the finer aspects of French cuisine to Singapore. Over the years, the restaurant has earned itself the reputation of being one of the best classic French restaurants in Asia, hence attracting food connoisseurs from around the world since its inception in 1994. Designed by local architect Tan Kay Ngee, the 2-storey restaurant exudes an air of sophistication and grandeur with its high ceilings, lush velvet walls, beautiful chandeliers, and the prized artworks by renowned Chinese artists such as Wang Kun and Tang Zhi Gang which adorns the walls. Through the years Les Amis has always strived to maintain the restaurant’s philosophy, which is to deliver the ultimate fine-dining experience realized through attention to detail and dedication to sourcing and serving the finest ingredients. Besides having carefully curated menus driven by premium seasonal French produce, personalised service is also a key emphasis here at Les Amis.

Every single team member strives towards the common goal of providing a comfortable and seamless dining experience for all guests. The restaurant also boasts one of the most extensive wine lists in Asia, with more than 3000 bottles housed in a temperature-and-humidity-controlled wine cellar. The restaurant’s award-winning wine list, which is made up of both Old and New World wines mainly from Burgundy and Bordeaux, is designed to complement the classic cuisine at Les Amis. Pastry Chef Cheryl Koh, began her culinary journey at Singapore Raffles Hotel, where she worked part-time during her school holidays. Cheryl fell in love with working in the kitchen, and her culinary experience in Raffles Hotel cemented her decision to pursue a career as a pastry chef. Upon graduating with a degree in geography and European studies from the National University of Singapore, she embarked on global odyssey learning from world renowned chefs in Michelin-starred restaurants.

Singapore restaurants and cuisine

Cheryl’s career took her to the two Michelin-starred Lasserre, before she was appointed Chef de Partie at the Burj Al Arab in Dubai, as well as one of Italy’s revered restaurateurs, Chef Alfonso Iaccarino, from two-Michelin-starred Don Alfonso 1890, and sister restaurant at the Grand Lisboa in Macau. At the tail end of 2010, Cheryl Koh teamed up with Executive Chef Sebastien Lepinoy at the Les Amis Group’s first overseas venture in Hong Kong. Today, Cheryl still considers Sebastien as her “biggest influence”, highlighting that many of her creations are an extension of working closely as a team. In 2016, apart from Les Amis restaurant earning themselves 2 Michelin Stars, Cheryl was also crowned ‘Asia’s Best Pastry Chef’ in Asia’s 50 Best Restaurants awards ceremony.

When it comes to desserts, very few chefs in Singapore are willing to invest in seasonal fruits such as French Gariguette Strawberries, Iranian Pistachios, and Indian Alphonso Mangoes. However, Cheryl is not one to compromise on quality. A lot of time and effort is spent perfecting a seemingly simple dessert and sourcing for the right ingredients. Cheryl’s passion and experience shine through in her craftsmanship – extraordinary, exquisitely presented artisanal desserts that stimulate the visual and taste senses. Les Amis - Keeping to its philosophy of offering the ultimate fine‐dining experience, les amis takes pride in serving exquisite classic french cuisine accompanied with a curated collection of both old and new world wines.

1 Scotts Road, 1-16 Shaw Centre, Singapore 228208
+65 6733 2225
www.lesamis.com.sg

 

Iggy's
Iggy's is a restaurant in Singapore which serves Modern European cuisine. It has been named in The World's 50 Best Restaurants since 2009, including best Asian restaurant in 2012. It has been named as the best restaurant in Asia by the Miele Guide on three occasions. Iggy's was opened in 2004 by owner and chef/sommelier Ignatius Chan. The restaurant was originally located in The Regent Hotel, but moved to the Hilton at 581 Orchard Road. The restaurant has only had ten tables at each of the two locations, but after moving to its present location, it added an eight-seat dessert bar. There are sixteen chefs in the kitchen. The restaurant offers a scholarship at the Singapore Institute of Technology.

The restaurant's menu does not follow a particular style of cuisine, but instead serves a fusion from different European nations with Asian twists, but is based on seasonal produce. Main courses include wagyu beef tongue served with three types of peppers, microgreens, yuzu mustard and an avocado mousse. A signature dessert served by the restaurant is pound cake accompanied by flavours of Earl Grey tea, milk, and a crumble. The majority of the produce for the restaurant is imported from Japan.

Singapore restaurants and cuisine

Frommer's described Iggy's as "deliciously exclusive", providing "culinary works of art" alongside an "exceptional" wine list. CNN Travel said that the lunch menu was particularly good value and highlighted the tuna carpaccio, pork cheek tagliatelle and pina colada soufflé dishes. The restaurant was voted 45th best in the world in The World's 50 Best Restaurants 2009, and rose to 28th in 2010. It rose a single place in 2011, and again to 26th in 2012. It was awarded the title of Best Restaurant in Asia in 2012 according to the rankings in the list.

Iggy's was named number one in the Miele Guide of Asia's Top 20 restaurants in 2008, with the two Michelin starred L'Atelier de Joël Robuchon in Hong Kong named as the runner up. Iggy's has been named it twice more since. Aun Koh, the founder of the Miele Guide has described Iggy's concepts as "setting standards regionally and internationally".

Hilton Hotel, 581 Orchard Road, Level 3, Singapore 238883
+65 6732 2234
www.iggys.com.sg

 

Burnt Ends
Burnt Ends is a modern Australian barbeque that offers casual dining with countertop seating. Each seat allows guests to look directly into the open kitchen, where a custom built four tonne, dual cavity ovens and three elevation grills are installed to provide the best smoke-touched dishes Singapore has to offer. If you are looking for a unique barbeque experience, we would love to see you down here. The Menu is written daily to ensure that the best and tastiest is served.

Smoking, slow roasting, hot roasting, baking, grilling and cooking directly on coals are all techniques used to maximize Dave’s 4 tonne, dual cavity, apple and almond wood burning machines and custom built grills. Chef Dave Pynt believes in great ingredients, fresh produce and honest cooking to get the best out of his wood ovens and grills. With an innovative menu that is handwritten every day, Chef Dave Pynt ensures the best ingredients and cohesive dishes reach the table every time.

Singapore restaurants and cuisine

The specially selected wine list that Burnt Ends offer is a unique one. It focuses on small, family-owned and boutique wineries, regional styles and varietals along with a pick of back vintage wines. The Bar on the other hand, highlights artisan distillers and spirits with a selection of classic cocktails. With a collection of craft beers that completes the list, Burnt Ends definitely allows you to try some of the best Australia has to offer.

Please note that we only take reservations as follows: Lunch at 12pm or 1230pm – Wednesdays to Saturdays; Dinner at 6pm or 630pm – Tuesdays to Saturdays; For a later seating, you may opt to walk–in first come first served basis. The Chef’s table is available for reservation for 6 to 8 guests with a tailored menu prepared by the Chef with a minimum spend policy applicable.

20 Teck Lim Road, Singapore 088391
+65 6224 3933
www.burntends.com.sg

 

Shinji by Kanesaka
Shinji by Kanesaka is an extension of 1 Michelin star Chef Shinji Kanesaka’s Edo-style sushi restaurant first set up in Tokyo’s exclusive Ginza district. The deep-rooted philosophy underpinning this endeavour is simply a passionate desire to share an appreciation for age-old Japanese culinary traditions without compromising its integrity. ​Shinji by Kanesaka pays homage to the core of Japanese culture and art as defined by ‘kata’ and ‘do’. True to the spirit of its heritage, the restaurant is built on a carefully woven foundation of key elements which promises an authentic dining experience.

​An omakase menu (a menu selection entrusted entirely to the chef) is featured and skillfully executed by a native Japanese team of artisan chefs with Master Chef Koichiro Oshino at the helm. Further embodying the Japanese fine dining experience is the restaurant’s okami-san who makes sure that restaurant guests are cared for. ​Shinji by Kanesaka is Chef Kanesaka’s first venture outside Japan and it honours the same prodigious quality that made him an esteemed character in the culinary world.

Singapore restaurants and cuisine

Born in 1972, Chef Shinji Kanesaka is an unassuming man who has a deep respect for his art, having spent more than half his lifetime honing his craft. With 2 Michelin stars tucked firmly under his belt, this sushi shokunin (sushi artisan) is a master of his trade. ​In 2000, Chef Kanesaka set up Sushi Kanesaka in Tokyo’s prime Ginza district and has since garnered a steady stream of regulars, including those among elite circles.

​What sets him apart from his counterparts and marks him as a culinary prodigy is his shari or rice. 80% of sushi consists of rice and, for Chef Kanesaka, the battle is already more than half won. The pure, distilled quality of his food as well as a certain inexplicable charm in both man and restaurant is the key to his success. ​“I want to make sushi that I personally want to eat.” At Shinji by Kanesaka, Chef Kanesaka believes that dining on the best sushi is a holistic experience, one that is best delivered with art and soul.

Raffles Hotel, 2-20, 1 Beach Road (via Seah Street lobby), Singapore, 189673
+65 6338 6131
www.shinjibykanesaka.com

 

Tippling Club
Tippling Club is an ultra-progressive modern gastronomy restaurant and bar helmed by Chef-Owner Ryan Clift and the Spa Esprit Group – a local beauty, lifestyle and F&B group with some of the most unique brands across the globe within its portfolio. Spanning across three shophouse units at 38 Tanjong Pagar Road, Tippling Club encloses an innovative cocktail bar, an experiential dining room and—tucked away on its second floor—a private dining room, BIN 38. Tippling Club promises to bring affordable avant-garde cuisine to the neighbourhood in the form of a flexible, everyday dining and drinking destination. Chef Clift’s brand of modern gastronomy is fun, playful and fresh. It imbues the dining experience with a sense of excitement and a touch of theatre. Recognised for its innovative, ultra-progressive cuisine and cocktails, Tippling Club was ranked 12th best bar in Asia by Asia’s 50 Best Bars and 31st best restaurant by Asia’s 50 Best Restaurants in 2016, with top spots in the annual Miele Guide compilations of Asia’s Top 20 Restaurants from 2010 to 2012.

In 2013, Tippling Club and its team were honoured with five top awards by World Gourmet Series Awards of Excellence including Restaurant of the Year, Bar of the Year and Finalist Chef of the Year. At this current location, Tippling Club will continue to pair its award-winning cuisine with world-class cocktails, pushing the extremes of ingredients and textures to create an ever-evolving dining experience. Ryan Clift's culinary career began at the early age of 14 at a 1 Michelin Star restaurant near his hometown of Devizes, Wiltshire (UK). Immediately drawn to the high energy and atmosphere of the kitchen, Ryan worked his way up from washing dishes to becoming a young culinary protégé. After graduating from culinary school, he moved to London, where he landed a position in the restaurant at London's most prestigious Hotel, Claridge's.

Singapore restaurants and cuisine

Over the course of his 20-year career, Ryan has worked with some of the world's best chefs, including Marco-Pierre White, Peter Gordon, Emmanuel Renaut, Shannon Bennett, and Raymond Capaldi. In 1999, Ryan moved to Australia where he excelled as Head Chef of Vue de Monde, one of Australia's most acclaimed restaurants with numerous awards including three hats by The Age Good Food Guide. In early 2008, Ryan moved to Singapore to start his own venture, determined to take modern food and cocktail pairing to a new level.

It was here that Ryan and his team launched, Tippling Club. Within its first 2 years of operation, Tippling Club has been hailed as one of Singapore's top restaurants and in October 2010 was named in the annual Miele Awards Top 20 Restaurants in Asia. Ryan has also been recognized by world's greatest chefs of today, as the gastronomic superstar of tomorrow in the new cookbook by Phaidon titled Coco. Early in 2011 Ryan presented at the famous culinary event, Madrid Fusión along side the world's best chefs. This was a first for a Singapore Restaurant.

38 Tanjong Pagar Road, Singapore 088461
+65 6475 2217
www.tipplingclub.com

 

Osteria Mozza
Osteria Mozza in Singapore is one of the most celebrated restaurants in Asia, recognized on San Pellegrino’s list of the 50 Best Restaurants on the continent. Located in the Marina Bay Sands, a three-tower complex connected by a 340-metre boat-shaped SkyPark garden, Osteria Mozza is a burst of urban color and flavor. With a devout commitment to product, environment and hospitality, Nancy Silverton, Mario Batali and Joseph Bastianich meld their prodigious talents to bring Pizzeria Mozza and Osteria Mozza to the heart of Singapore.

Adorned with dark wood, white tablecloths and highly-attentive service, Mario Batali’s signature rock-inspired soundtrack assures a convivial atmosphere. Mario Batali and Joe Bastianich and Lidia Bastianich are the distinctive forces behind an eclectic group of critically acclaimed, unanimously adored restaurants. Batali & Bastianich Hospitality Group’s (B&BHG) flagship is Babbo Ristorante e Enoteca, an award-winning Greenwich Village restaurant where we have seamlessly combined traditional Italian principles with intelligent culinary adventure since 1998.

Singapore restaurants and cuisine

During the intervening decade, B&BHG opened nearly a dozen restaurants in the New York area including Lupa, Esca, Casa Mono, Tarry Lodge, and Del Posto, the only four star Italian restaurant in New York. In partnership with Los Angeles phenom Nancy Silverton, B&BHG brought its distinctive approach to food and drink to the West Coast in the form of Osteria Mozza and Pizzeria Mozza. Nancy’s beloved pizzas have spread southward-to Newport Beach and San Diego-and westward-to Singapore and Hong Kong-exciting palates around the globe.

B&BHG prides itself on its status as an industry leader in sustainability. Our restaurants optimize operations by incorporating green initiatives including: food waste composting, utilizing alternative fuel source and corporate-wide participation in Meatless Monday and a no bottled water policy. 2015 Forbes Travel Guide Four-Star Award.

2 Bayfront Avenue, B1 Galleria, Level 42-46, Singapore 018972
+65 6688 8868
www.singapore.osteriamozza.com/the-restaurant

 

Imperial Treasure Super Peking Duck
Well-known for roasting the peking duck to perfection, Imperial Treasure serves only the finest and most authentic iteration of this prized dish. With a solemn dedication to preserving the centuries-old methods of the Emperor’s imperial kitchen, each whole duck is roasted to crisp perfection by our chefs from Beijing and sliced on the platter before your eyes. Fillet of Soon Hock cooked to perfection presented upon layers of Tianjin cabbage. The freshness of the fish is lifted by a rich Chicken broth, slow-cooked for 6 hours to release the full aroma and flavours, which balances the sweetness of the white cabbage. Using the most traditional and authentic way of imperial era to prepare the peking duck, the Beijing chefs carefully roasts every duck to perfection.

Finely shredded shark’s fin and crab meat, delicately wok-fried with egg and crunchy beansprouts and served in lettuce leaf clam. To be pre-ordered at least 3 days in advance, the chef will carve the duck skill-fully in front of your table, into thinly crispy pieces with little meat and fats, lightly scented by the lychee wood used in the oven. From the way the duck is prepared, you know that these chefs mean their business.

Singapore restaurants and cuisine

For those familiar with Peking duck, there are 3 basic steps when it comes to eating it. Firstly, the crispest meatless slices are presented with a saucer of sugar, dipped and enjoyed on its own. After which, the other carved lacquered roasted ducked slices are to be wrapped in hand-made flour crepe, while you can brush some hoisin sauce across for additional sweetness. When you are savouring your delicious wrapped pieces, do remember that this dish used to be served to China’s emperors. The remaining meat can be cooked in a style of your preference, say fried into vegetables or made into a soup broth.

Our recommendation, and perhaps something unique to Singapore, is to order their Mee Pok. Stewed or fried, the Imperial Treasure Mee Pok Noodles with ‘leftover’ duck meat is a true reflection on how the best of Chinese and Singapore’s cuisine can come together to form a simple yet formidable dish. Be prepared to pay about a hundred bucks for the meal of a few courses, but it is still highly recommended.